Clarify 'time zone' in a Specific words section (#1352)
python/devguide: documentation/style-guide.rst

Many special names are used in the Python documentation, including the names of
operating systems, programming languages, standards bodies, and the like. Most
of these entities are not assigned any special markup, but the preferred
spellings are given in :ref:`glossary` to aid authors in maintaining the
consistency of presentation in the Python documentation.

.. _glossary:

Specific words

> ==============

Reviewer: I predict this will confuse me, shall we have the same name for both the link and the title?

Reviewer 2: There is also a [`glossary` directive](https://devguide.python.org/documentation/markup/#roles) (and a `:term:` role) that might add to the confusion.

Author: I changed the reference to `specific words`.

   used to produce Python documentation.  When spelled out, it is
   always one word and both forms start with a lowercase 'r'.

time zone
   Spell out as two words when talking about the real-world concept.
   Only spell as one word when referring to a Python term like a module,

>    class, or argument.

Reviewer 2: Shouldn't they have markup like `:mod:` or similar in this case?
If that's the case, "timezone" should never appear in plain text.
Not sure if it's worth clarifying this.

Reviewer 3: > Not sure if it's worth clarifying this.

Anyone reading the devguide style guide will probably already know how to mark up classes, so I'm not sure it's worth complicating the current wording.

Reviewer 2: What I meant is:
* talking about the concept? Always use two words and no markup.
* talking about the module/class/arg? Always use one word and the appropriate markup.

This implies that "timezone" will never appear in plain text and "time zone" will never appear within markup.

IOW, the fact that you are using markup or not already determines whether to use one or two words, without having to think if you are referring to a module/class/argument or not.

Reviewer 3: Sure, if it does not clutter the wording too much, I'm fine with such a change.

>    Spell out as two words when talking about the real-world concept.
>    Only spell as one word when referring to a Python term like a module,
>    class, or argument.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   When referring to a Python term like a module, class, or argument
   it is always spelled as one word and surrounded by the appropriate markup
   (for example, ``:mod:`timezone```).
   When talking about the real-world concept it is spelled as two words.
```

Author: I added a modified version of this text.
